I came long hard with your Kanzake So yes
It is a wine of ancient times really wonderful ground
First was to encounter # 7 Nikkei Index first
It is a wonderful creation and the sweetness spreads when the crown is really crowned
It is followed by the sake of confectionery
It's a Daiginjo Sake , I think that fruity sake is no better than this
I will
This is local Saga Higashi 13 stuck in making rice
Sake
I think that Kanzaki is a wonderful feeling that the flavor and taste of rice by Mr. Yamada
It is an application place in Niigata, and it is the sake of Yakusan.
sharpness
This area is indeed the bottom of rice in Niigata, isn't it?
And finally, not a Fuyumi of Miyagi one Roh elephant It is recommended this year rice fields
This is really good while feeling the taste of rice
It is that sake that feels the goodness of that rice
I think this is one book that can be enjoyed widely from that luke to a little heat sink this year
I think I can enjoy this one, so I hope you can stop biting by all means
is
Only a little delicious Tsukekata of chills in is
I would like to explain today
We look forward to next time